[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0]	 Gynecologist Boesman tries to win the favor of both German officers quartered in his home, but junior Gerolf is naturally haughty and senior Hans-Peter sanctimoniously plays him to be treated to good wine and meals, while banishing the family to the kitchen. Resourceful Gauillaume finds a way to crawl in and out of the deserters prison camp to set up a contraband food trade with a local family. Vincent's unit experiences the horrors of disorderly retreat and attempts to stand their ground which prove futile, until the Yser floodgates are opened. Virginie and Marie soon leave grandma's safe Dutch home to return to Ghent, which proves perilous and a foretaste of penury in the occupied homeland.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 It's Caveman Day for Year Seven - or Cave Person day, as Ms. Carver calls it. The kids have to find hidden tokens, and are grouped as Gatherers, Hunters or Settlers. Gemma (now working with the other Double Dare Gang members) suggests that they wind up new French teacher Christoph Urdy, by all saying "Je me piddle" rather than "Je m'apelle". Cracker thinks there are more important things going on though, when he witnesses Mrs. Holmes talking about monsters, and black slime in the now absent Mr. McNab's office. He can't resist taking a look, but the police are also headed for there. He holds the door handle inside the badly vandalized room, so they think it's shut. Joanna seems to have recovered from her drink problem - or is she just becoming better at hiding it? Chrisoph's having some difficulty controlling his riotous Year 8 class, especially when they seem to have their own version of French, what with "je me piddle" and "quatre cinq sex sept" - "sex is not right," he says to the amusement of his class. Dudley's getting nowhere with Claire who doesn't even notice his romantic aspirations while they are helping set up the tokens for Caveman Day. Joanna borrows money from Carlene to buy a present for her mum, but later seems to not have it - she makes an excuse about having lost it. Meanwhile, in the woods, Adam Hawkins gets "caught" by Dai Jones's hunter team, but seems to be taking things too seriously - he runs off into the no-go area. He trips and falls, and looks up to see an unshaven man, and vicious looking dog above him.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 America's premiere sketch-comedy show returns for its 35th season LIVE from Studio 8H in New York City. This season, the cast includes Fred Armisen, Will Forte, Bill Hader, Seth Meyers, Andy Samberg, Jason Sudeikis, Kenan Thompson, Kristen Wiig and features Abby Elliott, Bobby Moynihan, Nasim Pedrad, and Jenny Slate. Check out these selected sketches and segments from each of this season's episodes, so you can make every night a Saturday Night. Sketches include: A Message from the Vice-President of the United States, January Jones Monologue, Today (with Black Eyed Peas cameo), Rear Window, WIIX News, A Lady's Guide to Throwing a Party, Weekend Update with Seth Meyers, Weekend Update: Lou Dobbs (featuring Darrell Hammond), Weekend Update: Kim Kardashian, Weekend Update: Jon Bovi, Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, SNL Digital Short: Get Out, Cloud Gazing. Black Eyed Peas perform "I Gotta Feeling", "Meet Me Halfway", and "Boom Boom Pow".
[1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Each year, thousands of people flock to Phoenix Arizona to live. And it's no wonder why. Gang activity and drug violence has nearly been wiped out. Crime rate in the city sits at historic lows. For the first time in a long while, people feel safe again. The Chief of police has one man to thank for that. Micheal Warthers. However Micheal is no saint. Quite the opposite. For four years now, he and the chief have quietly worked out a deal. Amnesty for him and his men for bringing in certain kinds of drugs and enforcing a violence free street. As long as the police could tax the money he made, and things were kept quiet, everyone was happy. Now that the city has gotten cleaned up, The police chief wants to revoke control. Micheal has other plans.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 'Anthony Merton-Smith' (qv) is the host for the evening. His guests are expecting great things from him as the "posh" one of the group, but as he has not divulged much information about himself during the week either, they also believe he could totally surprise them. He is confident about his chances of winning, especially after the first three meals. His menu consists of game terrine with chutney (fish terrine for kosher Bernice) as a starter, roast venison with black cherry sauce (seared tuna for Bernice) as the main course, and crêpes Suzette for dessert. His meal preparation does not start well and he hopes that mishap is not a sign of things to come. Three items hit the wow factor for the evening: a musical interlude by Anthony, a story by Ashley and dessert.
[1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Just when the media frenzy about the so-called 'Creature in the Bay' subsides, the unseen sea monster attacks again by sinking a fishing trawler. Mitch and Devon Conner, a fellow lifeguard and environmental activist, suspect more about the mysterious attacks, while Kaye Morgan investigates an offshore oil company's rights for drilling and thinks there is a connection between the company and the creature in the bay. Meanwhile, Linda lusts after Mitch after having dinner at his house. Shauni tries to get Jordan and Tiana's mother to let them join an lifeguard youth group to keep Jordan off the streets, while she finally come to terms with her stern father. Also, Camptan Thorp finally gets the first 'Scarab' motorboat for Baywatch and helps Mitch and Devon solve the mystery of the creature in the bay.
[0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 After watching a badly-written TV show, the house-mates talk about how wonderful it would be if they had some way of knowing beforehand what shows are worth watching. Just then, a copy of Entertainment Weekly magically comes down the chimney with all the information they'd been hoping for. Inside, however, they find a review of their own show, which receives a grade of "F". This sends everyone into a panic and causes Spanky, who is singled out for particular criticism, to give up reality TV and return to his former life. Meanwhile, Hero says that his gay friend Tim is in town for a visit, and asks Xandir if he'd like to show him around. Xandir quickly realizes that Tim is actually Hero wearing glasses, and sets out to make Hero acknowledge that he has feelings for men as well as women.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Conda is lamenting the latest vote, which saw one of her best friends, Megan, being sent home. Jeremy tries to keep her on track mentally through her tears. The final six contestants enter into a challenge where they must break through two panes of glass - the glass which symbolically has a photograph of their selves when they first arrived on the ranch - using a slingshot. The first person to break through both panes of their glass wins the challenge and a one-pound advantage at this week's weigh-in. The sixth place contestant will conversely have a one pound disadvantage. On the bright side for all six, they learn that it is make-over week, with stylist 'Jeannie Mai' (qv), hair stylist 'Ken Paves' (qv) and Clairol consultant 'Marcy Cona' (qv) their style team. But Jeannie tells them that this make-over week is unlike the show has ever seen as they will be showing their made-over selves to a special VIP guest at a special VIP location.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Jocelyn and Rupert Middleton's 17-year-old daughter Vivienne has gone missing. She has an American boyfriend called Bobby Wilson that her parents do not approve of. They think he is only in the country to avoid the draft for the Vietnam War. But Bobby has not seen her either. Someone steals a bronze sculpture from Sir Piers Radley's estate and another one from Lord Ashfordly. They have even taken his lordship's gates and he wants some action - now. David is cleaning up the shed and finds a metal detector. He gives it a good clean, a bit of oil and a new battery and is ready to go treasure hunting. At first Aunt Peggy thinks he is talking nonsense, but she changes her mind after a small demonstration.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 The wicked-awesome supersized season premiere introduces the 16 chefs from across the country who will be battling it out in Boston. Richard Blais ("Top Chef All-Stars" winner) joins Tom, Padma and Gail at judges table. The chef'testants are immediately thrown into hot water with the series' first ever Sudden Death Quickfire Challenge where one chef is forced to cook for their life to stay in the competition. For the Elimination Challenge, the chefs must cook and serve a re-imagined version of the first dish they ever remember making, but will this trip down memory lane be a dream come true or a nightmare for the chefs? The challenge plays out at the first ever "Top Chef Food Festival" alongside some of Boston's most prominent culinary stars including Barbara Lynch, Ming Tsai, Lydia Shire, Jasper White, Todd English, Ken Oringer, Jamie Bissonnette, Kristen Kish and Tiffani Faison.
[1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0]	 Harm makes his first flight for the CIA, aboard a C-130 Hercules with one of his former clients; they suddenly find themselves as field agents in the Philippines, and their visit becomes complicated and extended. They solve the problem overseas, and they get themselves and their aircraft back in the air without harm. Harriet has given birth to another son, named James Kirk (as in Captain Kirk of the Star Trek), and Bud (a Trekkie) and Harriet hold a christening party in their home. Midn. Mike Roberts, with the advice of Bud and Mac and the help of Mac and Coates and despite the advice of Big Bud, gives aid and support to a friend summoned before the honor board at the US Naval Academy. Harm, with a former client, flies for the CIA; they fix a problem in the Philippines, and they escape. Harriet has given birth to another son, and she and Bud hold a christening party. Midn. Mike Roberts helps a friend at the Naval Academy.
[1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0]	 Joe Mannix is summoned to a scene where an old friend of his, Monte Dawes, has killed one man and is holding a young woman, Cindy Warren, hostage. His friend is killed, and Mannix manages to overhear his dying words, which seem to make no sense - something about a "button" and a "General D." With the help of Cindy Warren, to whom Mannix feels an increasing attraction, he tries to puzzle out why Dawes ended up dying as he did - and why several hoods seem to be interested in him and Miss Warren.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Robbie presents Lucy to his friend Hugh, feeling she should date again, but gets jealous enough to separate them with lies. Matt stands up against the free clinic's staff and gets Hank to overrule Dr. Kent's routine-diagnose and operate. Simon resigns, feeling incompetent as a waiter at Pete's, but gets promoted of account of his business planning skills. Cued by Billie viz. George, Wilson and Mary, who is failing in firefighter training, realize it's time they decide whether to commit to becoming a family. After endless mean Eric-abuse, Annie decides to drop her college course and accept a teaching post at Ruthie's private school.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Today's feature takes us on an extraordinary journey over the US border to the South American nation, Chile. Tzu Chi volunteers first traveled to the country last year in March to provide emergency disaster relief when a devastating 8.8 magnitude earthquake occurred outside of the capital city, Santiago. More than 2 million people were displaced by the earthquake. Tzu Chi volunteers arrived in Concepcion, which was one of the hardest hit areas. Once they settled in, they discovered the local people needed more than just earthquake relief. A more serious fundamental problem was at hand - poverty. In our "Footprints" segment, we share with you the personal journey of Frances Lee. Fluent in Chinese, English and Spanish; Frances Lee had assisted Tzu Chi's relief team in the 2010 Earthquake as the translator and the coordinator of the Buddha blessing ceremony. But prior to volunteering in Tzu Chi, she had found happiness in luxury and riches.
[1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0]	 Now Caroline Reynolds has stepped down as president, she can no longer sign a pardon, so the brothers must immediately disappear, forever. At the pier, Sarah realizes she's being tailed and pretends on the phone already to be on board, so they sail without her while she is arrested; Lincoln stops Michael from returning for her. A week later, an FBI big-whig offers C-note a lesser sentence for testimony against Mahone, even freedom and witness protection for his family- bingo. Fernando grabs Bellick's gun while looking for T-bag, but he shows a crucifix to prove he has Maricruz. The scumbag enjoys his fortune with a street whore playing his Susan-Q. The brothers arrive at Cristobal, Panama; meanwhile Malone's team figures out Schofield's tattoos refer to Michael's mother Christina, presumably dead, and he presumes his computer contained much info on Panama for a reason. The man in power grills Kim on a small boat, and decides to change the strategy. Mahone sees trough FBI-colleague Wheeler. C-note is reunited with his family and released. The brothers have a fight, torn by guilt for too many innocent people suffering trough their well-meant deeds, then board a yacht, named- Christina. Mahone tells Kim he's not happy with the results as he remains separated from his family, but is told he now needs help to escape, and therefore must go to Mexico- to help T-bag... [last bit not summarized].
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 The grand opening party takes a distressing turn when a new face becomes involved in a confrontation with the Giudice-Gorga clan. Teresa wants to clear her name, but harsh accusations leave everyone wondering if she's really behind rumors about Melissa's marriage. Kathy, Jacqueline and Caroline try to focus on their own families, while struggling to repair the damage that has been done...
[0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 This is a show for the internet. It's an absurd reflection of the way you live when your not online - without being pre-occupied with social media. If we have to get all academic about it the show is a satirical examination of 'cocooning culture' and 'the mutilation of social gooditude' - i.e. Shut-Ins and the wonderful world of spending too much time inside. Conceptually the show is 'muppets in the modern age', we don't mean 'brightly coloured, singing things in a modern setting', what we're talking about is the answer to the question: 'what if the concept was invented today by independent filmmakers?' The series itself draws from the aesthetic of 'The Muppets', the format of 'Strongbad Emails' and the premise of 'ALF' while borrowing from the comedic tone of 'Regular Show', 'The Simpsons' and 'South Park' - among several dozen other inspirational movies, TV shows and comics that no-one in our core target demographic has heard of, or remembers... which will make you think our ideas are fresh and original.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 The day after the accident, Colin tries to make Kamal see sense, but can't persuade him to go to the police. As Mr. Jones and Mrs. Holmes give instructions for the imminent adventure trip, Sarah-Jane tries (and fails) to wriggle out of going. The Sports master continues to try to persuade Ms. Carver to go on the trip instead of Mrs. Holmes. Darren unveils his latest addition to the rabbit hutch - a bunk bed which just needs some oil on it to act as preservative. Spencer tries to get involved, but he's burnt his bridges as far as Darren is concerned. They go to fetch Mr. Hankin, making do with Ms. Carver in his absence, but when they return to the lab, the new bed has been broken. They say they don't know how it happened, but it's pretty obvious who the culprit is - Spencer, who is hiding behind the benches. Arnie asks Kamal if his brother might buy out his share of the car, since his father is demanding his savings be replenished. Kamal reacts badly to the suggestion, saying that Arnie was lucky to have that money in the first place. Mr. Jones gives Year 11 a first-aid demonstration of the kiss of life. Becky is bewildered by Colin's avoidance of her. Colin sits in the Arches when he hears a news item about the accident, learning that the cyclist is in a critical condition. He seems to reach a decision, but as he leaves Becky enters. His abrupt departure confirms her thought that he's wanting to end their relationship. Cracker starts an evening job at the Arches. Colin is in there, deep in thought. Dill tells him he's close to losing Becky unless he talks to her. The Double Dare Gang are also there, keen to wind up Cracker. After they've gone, Ray asks him to throw some stale sandwiches out, but Cracker's entrepreneurial spirit sees a better use from them. Colin visits Kamal's house, on the pretence of going to play pool. Kamal is terrified that Colin will say something about the accident, and rudely says he's too busy with homework. Colin leaves, and from a call box, rings the hospital where the news item said the injured man was being treated. The hospital want to know who he is before giving out such information, and Colin quickly hangs up...
[1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 While Gabby and Sylvie go on a call, Gabby who is driving hits a man. Later the man's son files a suit. Casey and Severide continue to butt heads over the fire at Darrin Whitney's that killed his wife. Boden brings his step-son to the firehouse so that he could find out if he wants to be a fireman and he's invited to a thing in New York and he's hesitant to go. Herrman has a chance to be promoted but when he goes to the Chief, he's told to admit that he made a mistake when he chose to go against regulations and saved someone.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 In Louisiana, Shelby looks to repair his custom made two-ton swamp buggy. In Alaska, Coatsy returns to the Papac worksite. In the Pacific Northwest, the Rygaard crew must climb over a hundred feet in the air to top a new lift tree. In Wyoming, David Zitterkopf's attempt at swinging between the trees could end in disaster. In Florida, with Katelyn back and the half-million dollar order on the line, the Dreadknots go night logging. And up in Canada, an injury to a key crew member leaves Triack stuck behind the eight ball.
[1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Keiko's teaching the station's children about the wormhole, when Vedek Winn, one of the most important religious leaders of the Bajorans and a possible candidate to become the next Kai, arrives. She despises the scientific way Keiko chooses to explain the phenomenon, and calls it 'blasphemy.' She'll not allow it, and takes the Bajoran children of the school. Both Keiko and Winn are not willing to give in, and Sisko travels to Bajor to get the support of Vedek Bareil. Meanwhile chief O'Brien finds an interlock's missing from his toolkit. Together with a new engineer, Neela from Bajor, they start looking for it. They find it back in a corridor, together with the remains of ensign Aquino. It looks like an accident, but O'Brien has his doubts.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 "The FBI's Wise Guy" examines how an FBI agent managed to infiltrate the Gambino crime family. "The Battle of Sadr City" examines last spring's effort to retake Sadr City in Baghdad. "All in the Family" profiles a family that has been in the wine business for 600 years. "Andy Rooney" talks about high prices.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 It's the day of Matthew's court appearance to face charges of arson. Tegs is there to give moral support, but people from his past keep turning up before he can speak to Matthew. Robbie tells Mike that the man who was in a coma as a result of the pub brawl has pulled through. Mr. Hankin unwittingly provides a large amount of invisible ink to Jacko's gang. Akik complains that Neil Timpson keeps getting him to do his homework. Becky bunks off with Alice to see where her mum works - she is a beautician at a local health club. They are surprised to see Mr. Hargreaves and Mike Bentley's dad turn up at reception. They are even more shocked when Miss Booth heads their way, and retreat to a sauna. While they stay hidden, they listen to Miss Booth talk to her friend about her desire to run the marathon. Meanwhile, Mrs. McClusky goes shopping with Ronnie, to get her opinion on cruelty-free products, and to try to persuade Ronnie to be a little less rigid in her views. She also tells Ronnie that there's an animal welfare company who might be interested in giving her a job. At court, Matthew hears the magistrate's summing up - he is treated leniently, but must remain under supervision of a social worker for a year. Robbie finally gets Aichaa alone, but can't persuade her that he's not on the side of the racists. He decides he will give evidence about the pub brawl, and so prove where his loyalties lie, and he and Mike enter the local police station.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 After his nighttime encounter, Darren learns the truth about Amelia, the refugee girl who is being kept hidden at his home - her life is in danger if anyone knows where she is staying. Lisa is woken up by Tracy feeling the worse for wear after drinking heavily at her party. After Tracy has helped Lisa restore the house to order, Lisa's mother arrives, but doesn't want to stay: she has merely brought some things for Shona. Mr. Robson isn't too pleased to find people handing out leaflets at the school gates advertising a band - "19 Down" - they are organising the school's talent competition. Mr. Hankin tells the police that he has no doubt who's been inside his flat - Danny Hartson. Darren fends off inquisitive friends' questions about what his parents were hiding. Tracy's amazed that Lisa wants a repeat performance of the party and Lisa falls out with her old friend as a result. Danny is interviewed by the police, but on the way he steps in some of the builder's paint - Mr. Hankin is convinced it came from contact with his back door. Danny won't reveal his activities, and the policewoman is called away before the interview can go any further. Colin feels a bit left out in the café, but Kelly talks to him, feeling worried about people thinking she is a lesbian for being at a gay party. Mrs. Holmes is a bit surprised when Miss Carver tells her about Michael seeming to get close to Miss Fraser. The police come to school again to interview Danny's classmates, but when Claire is asked in, she assumes it's to do with breaking into the racist's van. When Vikki is interviewed she puts forward the notion that Danny was most likely with his "girlfriend" Shannon - so Shannon is summoned to speak with the police. She pretends that Danny was with her, and even tells the police and Mr. Robson that he dumped her on Saturday. Any perceived crimes against Mr. Hankin pale into insignificance against the possibility of Danny's sexual relationship with an underage girl and Danny is once again interviewed by the police. Although he denies even knowing her, the police and the Head aren't convinced, and he's told the allegations him are severe, and furthermore he's excluded from school...
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Most of the people living on Bessemer Street know each other from their school days -- and many of the childhood animosities have yet to die off. But one of the residents does, when a fire is set in one of the homes on the street. The victim seems to have been involved romantically with a number of other residents, but it's not clear if the death was intentional or a by-product of the arson and the victim was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. DI Gil Mayo and the team investigate an explosion at the home of Susie Ludlow. She is nowhere to be found nor are her twin son and daughter. They do find the body of a man, Rob Jackson, who was separated from his wife, Jessica Crouch, a local hairdresser. The children are soon located in the care of Cal Andrews who tells the police that Susie is out of town and the reason Rob was in the house was because he was fixing the plumbing. Rumor has it however that Rob may have been having an affair with another neighbor, Kitty McNally. Turns out Rob may also have cheated another neighbor in a business deal. The thing everyone, including the victim, have in common is that they all went to the same school and one of their classmates all those years ago was bullied to the point of committing suicide. All in all, Rob was a bit of the local Romeo so there are any number who might want him dead.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 While in Washington, D.C., the Roadtrippers head over to the International Child Art Foundation's headquarters to meet with its founder, Dr. Ashfaq Ishaq. He tells them about the importance of nurturing creativity in young minds. Then the team moves on to the popular D.C.-based restaurant Busboys and Poets to speak with its owner, Andy Shallal. The Roadtrippers hear about learning from failures, and they leave feeling uplifted. From there, they fly back to Chicago to pick up the Green RV from the mechanic to hit the road to New York. In New York City, they meet with dance legend Judith Jamison and catch a performance at the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater in Central Park.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Mayo and the team investigate the apparent murder of Philip Barker who is found in a nice residential neighborhood face down in the back garden of a posh house owned by nouveau riche Dermot and Laurie Voss. The dead man had been away and his wife thought he was still there. She has no idea what he might have been doing in the neighborhood where he was found but does admit that he was something of a philanderer. The post-mortem reveals that he had actually drowned in a puddled in the garden rather than from the blow to the head. It turns out that one of the neighbors, Faith Loxley, also has a connection to Croatia. When a second body is found, this time in the graveyard, it points to Faith's sister, Hope Hendrick. It also seems that Dermot Voss had a business relationship with him. It turns out that lust and jealousy is at the root of the crimes. Alex meanwhile decides to have a house warming but party but isn't sure if she should invite her boss - and former boyfriend - DI Mayo or whether he would come if he did get an invite.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 The host for the episode is Buck Henry (his fifth appearance), and the musical guest is Leon Redbone (his third appearance). The skits for this episode are as follows: Gilda and Garrett introduce the five finalists in the "Anyone Can Host" contest, including an 80-year-old grandmother from New Orleans and the governor of South Dakota. During his opening segment, Buck Henry greets and interviews the five finalists. John Belushi credits his success in the decathlon to eating little chocolate donuts. The samurai psychiatrist commits suicide after angering his patient. A stunt baby stands in for an abuse scene in place of the actor baby. A motel sanitizing team shows how they clean each room. During the Weekend Update, Jane Curtain and Dan Aykroyd report on the Egypt-Israel peace talks, Jimmy Hoffa, and new breakthroughs in genetics, while Laraine Newman interviews the five finalists and Baba Wawa talks about meeting Omar Sharif in Jerusalem. A group of Russians on a train go through a series of overlapping flashbacks. Mr. Mike hosts the Rickey Rat Club. Leon Redbone performs "Champagne Charlie" and "Please Don't Talk About Me When I'm Gone".
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Old Ernest Dewhurst is living in a world of his own and much to the disapproval of his daughter Jenny and her husband Ross he speaks a lot to his son Colin, who fell during the war, and often pretends that Colin has paid him a visit. One day Jenny discovers that a silver bowl is missing and Ernest says he gave it to Colin as a birthday present. The next day Dewhurst is found unconscious and his house shows signs of burglary. Suspicion falls on Mark and Josie Aycliff, who live in a caravan nearby and was involved in a shoplifting a few days earlier. The time of the annual car rally is near, and when the organizer Mr. Potter has a accident Claude Greengrass takes over. One of the contestants, Jonno, pays Greengrass to help him win the rally so that he can impress his girlfriend Lucy.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Amy, now in her third trimester, decides that it may be time for the growing family to move to a bigger house, which doesn't sound very appealing to Bob, Teddy, P.J., or Charlie. It does, however, suit Gabe and Mrs. Dabney just fine, who want nothing more than to be rid of each other. Meanwhile, Teddy and Spencer audition to play the roles of George and Martha Washington in the Patriotic Plaza in Super Adventure Land.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Charlie and Kirsten cut corners in cutting back electricity, heating and other utilities while seeking more fertility drugs as they and the rest of the family pitches in to help pay for Griffin's hospital costs from the motorcycle accident. But things get only worse when a tip leads them to a shady man who claims to have cheap drugs for them to buy. Meanwhile, Bailey doesn't waste another chance to be with Holly by setting up a picnic in the 49ers stadium which leads to a heated meeting. Seeking to relive her childhood days, Claudia enters a violin competition with her former violin coach Ross tutoring her, but soon has an inner conflict about playing again after a long hiatus. When Griffin learns from Daphne that the Salingers are paying for his medical costs, he angrily leaves the hospital and states to Julia that he does not want to be a burden on the family due to his pride and self-reliance.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 "The Mother of All Heists" rebroadcasts an investigation into how a half a billion dollars was stolen from the Iraq's Ministry of Defense. "The Memory Pill" rebroadcasts a segment on a drug that may be able to dull people's memories. "Long John Daly" rebroadcasts a segment on the pro golfer. "Andy Rooney" talks about type A and B personalities.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 In 1996 police in Madison, Georgia, investigate the brutal murder of an elderly woman found clubbed to death in a rural area on the outskirts of town. The investigation puts authorities on the trail of ruthless sadists John Esposito and Alicia Woodward. As the body count rises investigators wonder if they'll ever catch the blood thirsty couple who are driven by greed and endowed with opportunity.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Patients with rheumatoid arthritis can suffer immense pain, swelling, stiffness of the joints and fatigue. Once the disease sets in it can involve many joints, be more persistent and cause more disability. Although the cause of rheumatoid arthritis is unknown, experts believe no single reason is responsible and researchers are currently looking at gender and genetics. Rheumatoid arthritis can be a debilitating, crippling disease if not treated, but there is good news. There are new life-changing treatments available to patients today than ever before. Today's new medications, are giving advanced patients a higher level of treatment, ultimately improving their quality of life. In this program we'll hear from patients who've been struggling with pain and fatigue for more than ten years and now have real hope for the future.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Parquer and his wife Kristin are in the market for a pre-1960s home because they like the traditional layout of older homes, including no open floor plans. With two little ones in the mix, this family of four needs a big enough place that has an office space for Parquer, and an updated kitchen - all for under $200,000. With a few disagreements: she loves older tiled sinks, He hates them. He likes shiny marble kitchen floors, she doesn't. Will this couple have closed minds when it comes to finding a home without an open floor plan?
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 In February 2006, police in New Baltimore, Michigan check on the well-being of a special needs couple and make a horrifying discovery inside their home. The bodies of Melissa and Scott Berel are wrapped in plastic and duct taped head to toe. Police discover evidence that leads them to a teenage girl and her new fiancé who has a long criminal record and a history of seducing women. Police launch a state-wide manhunt to track down the killers but will they get to them before they target another victim?
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Wishard Memorial Hospital, Indianapolis: A 44-year-old drunk is hit by two cars; A four-year-old boy was playing with his dog when its chain hit him in the mouth; A 22-year-old woman delivers a baby in a car at the hospital; A 72-year-old man is admitted after having fallen several times; A man was shot six times in a drive-by; A 32-year-old man was stabbed by a relative with a pair of scissors; A 31-year-old woman was pinned beneath some furniture she was moving; A 41-year-old woman comes in after feeling dizzy; A 36-year-old woman jumped off a motorcycle.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Stories include: Girl Scout Cookies, Drumstick from Nestlé, Hash Brown Potatoes from Hungry Jack, Gummi Army Guys from Albanese Candy Company in Merrillville, IN, American Cheese from Land O' Lakes, Jack Daniels in Lynchburg, TN, Coca-Cola, Little Debbie Snacks, Twinkies from Hostess, Hot Dog flavored Potato Chips from Shearer's in Brewster, OH, Frappaccino from Starbucks and Turkish Taffy from Bonomo.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Komodo Dragon Arrival - It's the middle of the night, and Julie Hannah's day is only beginning. She's just returned from Minnesota with Doni, one of the few male Komodo Dragons available to North American zoos. First up, unpacking this voracious beast. Then, getting him outside into the morning sun - UV rays are important to breeding. If they get things off on the right foot, it won't be long before the world's largest lizards produce some tiny offspring. Wood Bison Darting - Rolf-Arne Olberg is a first-year vet resident at the zoo. Today, he'll be firing a dart gun for the first time. The goal: anesthetize Wild Bill, the zoo's newest bison, long enough to do a TB test on him. Dixie Returns - After two months of treatment in the health centre, it's time for Dixie the llama to rejoin the herd. It's a distance of only a few hundred yards, but with Dixie's strong will, it won't be a short trip.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Mary and Francis are forced to rely on one another when the castle is taken hostage, and Catherine shocks everyone when she makes a surprising proposal to try to save their lives. Meanwhile, Bash's mother Diane tells Bash of her plan to have him legitimized. While king Henry leads his troops on a routine penal expedition, Italian count Vincent arrives as honored guest, received by Medici queen Catherine, but his escort overpowers the castle guards to take the court hostage, with the bloody desire to take revenge for the captivity and death after expensive ransom of his only son Roberto. Francis, Catherine, Mary and Bash attempt various plans to escape or appease the count's vindictive intent, counting on unreliable Olivia for the most ambitious escape route. Cook Bayard and Greer fight off an abusive soldier. Diane bribes the Italians and hopes to have the pope legitimate Sebastian, who refuses however to become a rival for Francis's future throne.
[0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Dying for Pie: When Squidward accidentally lets SpongeBob eat an exploding pie, he feels guilty and resolves to makes SpongeBob's few remaining hours left in the world enjoyable. SpongeBob doesn't know why Squidward's being so nice, but he's thrilled to spend the day with him and he makes him do all sorts of fun activities. Squidward is miserable playing with him all day until he realizes SpongeBob didn't eat the exploding pie, he did! KABOOM! Imitation Krabs: Plankton schemes to steal the Krabby patty by disguising himself as Mr. Krabs and infiltrating the Krusty Krab. SpongeBob is torn in two as both "Mr. Krabs" give him conflicting orders all day long and he is going crazy trying to please them both. Eventually, SpongeBob exposes Plankton as a fraud and the two of them have a tartar sauce showdown.
[1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0]	 A standoff takes place at a barn near Yuma, Arizona, in which the lone gunman (with an automatic rifle) has taken one deputy sheriff as a hostage and wounded another; a helo gunship from the nearby Marine Corps Air Station intervenes and heavily strafes the barn; Harm and Mac investigate; Mac prosecutes the pilot, and Harm defends him. Harriet receives a call to meet with a general at the Pentagon, then she gets new duties. Bud investigates a Naval Reserve physician, a recently converted Quaker, who had received his medical education at Navy expense, and who, after his reserve outfit received orders to Iraq, suddenly has asked for not only the status of a conscientious objector but also a separation from military service. Sturgis represents the doctor, and Sturgis's father, a retired Navy chaplain, contributes much insight and wisdom. Justice again prevails.
[0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 The Winfields,who live next door to the Simpsons,move and are replaced by divorced Ruth Powers and her teen-aged daughter Laura. Bart enjoys it when Laura baby-sits for him and his sisters and develops a crush on her. When he finds out that she is dating Jimbo Jones he makes a prank call to Moe's Tavern,pretending to be Jimbo who is frightened off by Moe and rejected by Laura,who says she would date Bart were he older. After unsuccessfully trying to sue Captain McAllister's restaurant and its All-You-Can-Eat boast Homer becomes a living advertisement for the place as Bottomless Pete :Nature's Cruellest Mistake.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Pete builds his manliest (and one of his most expensive!) treehouses yet for a Texas Dad who adores his wife and three daughters dearly but yearns for a place away from the females to spend some quality man-time with his first grandson. This Western-style mancave treehouse boasts over 800 square feet of living space, stone interior walls, a custom cigar humidor, state-of-the-art kitchen, a hidden flat screen TV, bathroom, and (as if all that's not enough) is both capable of sleeping five AND has a massive deck featuring a 600-pound custom meat smoker! It's one of Pete's priciest builds ever! Sprawled across three sturdy oaks, the treehouse will have a rope bridge that will lead from the main area to a high crow's nest, armed with water gun turrets.
[0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 This is a show for the internet. It's an absurd reflection of the way you live when your not online - without being pre-occupied with social media. If we have to get all academic about it the show is a satirical examination of 'cocooning culture' and 'the mutilation of social gooditude' - i.e. Shut-Ins and the wonderful world of spending too much time inside. Conceptually the show is 'muppets in the modern age', we don't mean 'brightly coloured, singing things in a modern setting', what we're talking about is the answer to the question: 'what if the concept was invented today by independent filmmakers?' The series itself draws from the aesthetic of 'The Muppets', the format of 'Strongbad Emails' and the premise of 'ALF' while borrowing from the comedic tone of 'Regular Show', 'The Simpsons' and 'South Park' - among several dozen other inspirational movies, TV shows and comics that no-one in our core target demographic has heard of, or remembers... which will make you think our ideas are fresh and original.
[1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 On a mission to observe a nebula, SG-1 finds a crashed ship and its three human survivors. They soon come under fire from an pair of aliens bearing the weapons of the survivors. They repel the attack, but one of the three is wounded. She is taken to the SGC for treatment while Sam attempts to repair the ship. Jack and Teal'c feel that there is more to the relationship between the aliens and these humans, and attempt to trap an alien. On what is supposed to be a planet that has yet to be visited by anyone from Earth, O'Neill finds a photo of a very human-looking woman. Jonas soon after comes across a crashed spacecraft and its three occupants, likely from Earth originally but with no knowledge of stargate travel. They explain that they've been on the planet for a number of years after their ship failed. With the batteries dead, they're marooned. They are not alone however and have come under attack frequently. Carter offers to repair the ship while Teal'c and O'Neill try to get more information about the attackers. Things are not as they seem.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Lawrence Welk takes us to Italy where Johnny Prosciutto sings to the Merril sisters from the Finger Lakes. Mick Jagger hosts: he plays a movie action hero who discloses his real personality on a game show, a London economist speaking for J.P. Morgan in an interview with Al Sharpton, an insurance agent reluctant to sing karaoke, a dad on a soap opera, Steven Tyler as a TV host and a pitchman, and an M.C. at graduation. The digital short is "Lazy Sunday 2." Jagger sings with Arcade Fire, the Foo Fighters, and Jeff Beck. Cameos are plentiful, and the spotlight is on Kristen Wiig in her final appearance as a regular cast member.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 The Reptile Park is in need of Chris' help when an entire Tasmanian Devil family is ill. Especially the two youngest, Lara and Lily, have taken a turn for the worse and it is only the question whether Chris can still discover in time what is making this entire family ill before it is too late for the two young girls. At SASH Lisa has to treat a 1 year old dog that bit into a poisonous puffer fish and is now suffering the consequences. But Lisa's patient isn't the only one having to pay the price for wrong behavior. At Bondi clinic Chris is reunited with one of his most beloved patients when the dog has decided that when he gets an ice cream, he will eat it with stick and all.
[1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 After Zoom unleashes an army of Earth-2 meta-humans on Central City, Barry is shaken when he sees their leader is the Black Canary's Earth-2 doppelganger, the Black Siren. Meanwhile, Wally takes to the streets to help The Flash stop the meta-humans, which worries Joe. Iris and Henry are concerned about Barry taking on Zoom. As Zoom pulverizes Central City with an army of Earth-2 meta-humans, Barry's team (including newly returned Caitlin) worries that Barry's experience in the Speed Force has left him feeling recklessly invincible, Caitlin experiences PTSD from her time with Zoom, and Cisco experiences troubling vibe visions of dead birds. As Barry leads his team towards a solution to the "Metapocalypse," he encounters Zoom's most formidable lieutenant to date - Black Siren (Black Canary's Earth-2 doppelganger). Meanwhile, Joe asks for The Flash's help in curbing Wally's desire for heroics.
[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]	 Charlie and Kirsten cut corners in cutting back electricity, heating and other utilities while seeking more fertility drugs as they and the rest of the family pitches in to help pay for Griffin's hospital costs from the motorcycle accident. But things get only worse when a tip leads them to a shady man who claims to have cheap drugs for them to buy. Meanwhile, Bailey doesn't waste another chance to be with Holly by setting up a picnic in the 49ers stadium which leads to a heated meeting. Seeking to relive her childhood days, Claudia enters a violin competition with her former violin coach Ross tutoring her, but soon has an inner conflict about playing again after a long hiatus. When Griffin learns from Daphne that the Salingers are paying for his medical costs, he angrily leaves the hospital and states to Julia that he does not want to be a burden on the family due to his pride and self-reliance.
